                                    ** Machine Learning Code generator for Non Programmers **
                                         
This is a little project on top of outputty and matplotlib that aims in easily create plots (without  using matplotlib). For now you can    do linear, scatter and bar plots with data from CSV files.This program generates graphs from a given CSV file and allows the user to generate a User friendly graph
       
  **Requirements/Installations**

  
•	Execute pip install numpy matplotlib 
•	Clone the project 

•	To execute the project type python main.py in your Command Line/Terminal
. Upload a CSV file from your local system 
. Choose the graph from Drop down menu 












**Deployment**

The best way to deploy this software for use in lab is to run locally either through command prompt or a Python Interpreter of your own

**Sprint2 **

In the last sprint we completed convert data from CSV file into graphs. In Sprint2 we will Integrate graphical user inteface and connect a data base to the existing application. We will also add Tree graphs to the module.And add automate test to the existing code repository.
**Requirements **
The system must allow users to upload csv file 
The system must analyze the file containing the data by Machine learning program.
The system must allow users genrate graphs from the csv file uploaded.
The sytem must allow users to visualize the graphs generated.
The system must save the models generated by users such that only the user who created model should access and download that.

**Automation Testbed**
Pytest - We will implement automation testing using PyTest.

**Sprint3**
In sprint2 we have demonstrated UI application in which user can upload data in CSV format and generate output by processing data. While the user can visualize the output in Tabular and graphically format. User can also select the attributes to visualize the data. For sprint3. we will perform Data Analysis on user data by Cleaning data and also perform data classification.
**Requirements **
The system must be able to perform data cleaning by removing noisy data.
The system should be able to run data classification and data segmentation Ml algorithms.
The system must allow user to save the data uploaded by users in database.
The system must be able select attributes from data entred by user to see results.
The system must be able to run logistic Regression algorithm to generate graph from user data.
The final processed data can be visualized on the frontend application.

**How are we going to demonstrate?**

The demo video, will show how to upload the csv file in the application and options for users to clean and transform the data. Once the clean data is obtained user can select the attributes and Linear regression algorithm is performed on that data which generates a graph for users to visualize the data. This results will be showcased on web apllication.

**Automation Testbed**
Pytest- we will implement automation testing using pytest for existing and newly added features.
